The Joe Rogan experience. I mean, it's almost, isn't always,
doesn't always kind of seem like the most boring,
possible solution is usually the right one. It's like,
what's the most boring thing. The most boring thing is nothing's happening,
but you're imagining the dog is somehow has a telepathic link
to you comes razor, right? Yeah. Arc is the simplest,
but it's also the most boring, like, you know, these crazy UFO's,
I'm sorry if you've talked about this, a bunch in the podcast,
but the UFO's that we're seeing that the, you know,
Navy is releasing these videos of these tic Tacs zipping around and it's Navy
pilots. It's not the people we interviewed in that show.
It's Navy pilots who are like, yeah, I don't know what the this is. And I was,
I have great conversations with Uber drivers and like we were talking about it.
And this guy was like, in a lot of them are programmers and.
And this guy was like, it's probably a technique.
It's a glitch in the type of radar they're using. I think it must be at glitch.
I mean, that's the most likely reality.
They're not seeing it with their own eyes. I don't think so.
I think they're just picking it up on radar. And so he's like,
maybe it's a glitch or maybe it's like.
We should find that out. Can you Google? Um,
if the pilots were picking it up on radar,
the pilot spotted UFO to see if they've,
because I know some guys have spotted things with their own
eyes. I know, I know for sure. Some guys have.
Um, I just, I'm not sure if that data is probably.
Relevant to the conversation though.
It's probably a good thing that we know people listening, going. Yo, what the?
Um, I get super skeptical. Yeah. I feel like,
I feel like almost like it's a plot. I don't want to go full Eddie Bravo,
but I feel like when I see people talking about UFO's, I'm like, okay,
what else is going on? What are you distracting me from?
Is this really a big issue? I was like, is it really happening? Well,
can I see it? What do you got? Got nothing. Oh, you got like some radar.
You got radar from one, two pilots, three pilots. Okay. I believe it.
But I want to see more. Why do I want to see more? Like, what am I?
And you'll get caught up in it and it'll chew up hours of your day.
There's a lot of those guys that we ran into on that show.
I felt bad for them because they didn't understand what had happened to them.
They'd gotten caught in this weird loop of looking for
secrets and looking for mysteries to be solved and looking for
hidden conspiracies. And they get caught in that.
And some of that is real, which is part of the problem. Some of it,
you can come across the Gulf of Tonkin in the north woods, operation Northwest.
You can come across a bunch of them that are real and raw and you can see how
they put that together. You're like what?
You could see real crazy conspiring.
And then you can get lost and think it's okay.
Everywhere. That's right. Yeah. Well, I mean, this is like, dude, I was just,
is.
This Jamie? Oh, according today, the AA vs.
What does that mean? Is that the new you? How about you say UFO, you firms.
Are we really going to change UFO?
They have their, like, they have their own little thing. They were AAVs.
We don't refer to us as UFO's isn't my pronouns
Davies appeared at an altitude greater than 80,000 feet,
far higher than commercial or military jets. Typically five fly.
Initially the print Princeton's radar team. It's a radar,
really high price. Our print story is what it's called.
It's like a really high processing radar system. Why is it spelled prince ton?
Oh, it's prince story. Oh, I'll pause there for you in a weird spot. Oh, okay.
Um,
the radar team didn't believe what they were seeing chalking up the anomalies to
an equipment malfunction,
but after they determined that everything was operating as it should,
they began detecting instances, which the AAVs.
I want to know what the that means dropped with astounding speed to lower
busier airspace day approached the Princeton's commander about taking
action. He said I was chomping at the bit.
I really wanted to intercept these things. What? Yeah.
That's why we have the craziest people in this country. Like there's a,
there's an alien man. I want to chase it. I want to catch that.
By the tail.
Anomalous aerial vehicles. [inaudible].
You ever invented that new name as an?
Oh, so actually the one who decided to call them AAV, come on. You know,
technically it's not an unidentified flying object to.
You're not taking our UFO's man. I'm I'm going to fight that.
What is it again? What is the exact phrase? Anomalous aerial vehicle anomalous,
aerial vehicles and SAV. You're an. It's an anomaly.
I proposed a new name for UFO's anonymous. Ariel.
Yeah, probably a part of a billion dollar study to two fighters were diverted to
intercept. One of the strange objects. When they first arrived on the scene,
the pilots didn't see any flying objects,
but they did observe what the lead pilot commander,
David Fravor later referred to as a disturbance in the ocean. Oh,
the water was churning with white waves breaking over
what looked like a large object, just under the surface.
Then they noticed one of the objects flying about 50 feet above the water
Fravor, the commander of the elite black ACEs squadron,
this a Nicholas cage movie who was a top gun program graduate with
more than 16 years of flying experience described it as about 40 feet long
shaped like a tic-tac candy with no obvious means of propulsion.
It's white. It has no wings. It has no rotors. I go, holy.
What is that?
You know, the guy, whoever the company is that makes tic Tacs. And they're like,
tic-tacs, it's free.
Totally protect tax is the one sponsoring this whole deal. You think it is?
I mean, people are buying tic-tacs right now. Listen to this.
You just say ticktack enough. Like you remember those old subliminal things.
He's doing movie theaters. When you're watching a movie, it would say hungry.
He popcorn, like every like 5100th frame,
they would stick like a hungry eat popcorn.
They would like put subliminal texts on the screen. But, I want some popcorn.
If you just say tic-tacs tic-tacs people are buying tic Tacs right now.
Yeah. Well we do know that pilot's got great breath, right?
That's a tic-tac man. It's like the first time you see a UFO,
the first thing that pops into your head is it looks like a mint. That's nuts.
There had to be other ways to describe.
It. That stocking tic-tacs bro. For sure.
I Googled tic-tac after he said that to her,
because I couldn't remember if they were square or if they were like take,
you know, the.
They learn to expect a good photo. O'clock.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, boring. Yeah. Like super apple, like,
like if apple made a UFO.
It's like a pretty bleak, pretty sleek,
but going into the ocean part,
that's the part I liked the best because that kind of lines up with hollow worth
theory and that, and like maybe like they're flying down. Yeah. In the,
in the center of the earth.
Why would you have a base in the ocean? We never go there. Do you ever fly over?
I was just no. Why you fly over five hours of water?
Just water or yeah. Well, that's that Strava app thing.
I feel like we've talked about literally everything, you know, the Strava app.
Okay, good. It's great, man. I love it.
I have to think if pretty sure we've talked about this, the heat maps,
the Strava heat maps.
It seemed to show people walking under the ocean and stuff. Walking. Yeah,
we haven't. No. So yeah. Cause like Strava, you know, it's like, um,
I think it was Strava, right? It was like a way for you to track your steps.
And some people apparently were in some spaces in the Arctic or in the ocean
walking around and it showed up before they could like turn that function
off for top secret facilities. Like the places they blur out on Google maps.
So do you think there's like a military base under the water somewhere with
submarines go.
Ah, man, you know, I want to think that, but I'm always a movie. The Meg. Yeah.
I think it's probably a technical error, but maybe. I mean, I don't know.
It's like the implication of these take tax and all of
it. If you really want to like the first to me,
the most obvious one minus the churning water evidence is that it's some kind
of equipment malfunction.
What's also that they have an unlimited budget for black ops.
We don't know what that number is. We don't get to know right.
All that weird they do. And they're making stealth bombers and all that area,
51 stuff like how much money goes to that?
Like what is the number let's Google this?
How much does the us spend on black ops?
I had, I was going to bring this up in the middle of where you guys are talking.
Uh.
There's a program here that was going on the eight,
eight tip advanced aerospace threat identification program was going on and
had.
Um, you out of your money. But I'm just going to use the AA tip.
22 Million is what their budget was in 2012.
And they said that that doesn't still go on. But apparently it does.
Louis Elizondo was says it was still operating and now he is part of.
So they spent $22 million to see if the UFO's were a threat a year.
And then there's the, to the stars academy. Yeah. That's uh,
that's Tom DeLonge stuff. Yeah.
Well some of it's still going on. It's.
All. Listen, I am, I'm rooting for it. I want it to be real.
I would love it if.